# (Cheat) Asteroid Landing Position Override
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.cheatasteroidlandingposition=1.0.0.13
# (Cheat) Auto Consume Oxygen-Water-Food
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.cheatautoconsume=1.0.0.14
# (Cheat) Auto Grab and Mine
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.cheatautograbandmine=1.0.0.8
# (Cheat) Automatically Harvest Food n Algae
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.cheatautoharvest=1.0.0.26
# (Cheat) Auto Launch Rockets
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.cheatautolaunchrocket=1.0.0.8
# (Cheat) Auto Sequence DNA
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.cheatautosequencedna=1.0.0.18
# (Cheat) Auto Store
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.cheatautostore=1.0.0.7
# (Cheat) Birthday
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.cheatbirthday=1.0.0.8
# (Cheat) Craft From Nearby Containers
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.cheatcraftfromnearbycontainers=1.0.0.20
# (Cheat) Inventory Stacking
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.cheatinventorystacking=1.0.1.13
# (Cheat) Machines Deposit Into Remote Containers
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.cheatmachineremotedeposit=1.0.0.24
# (Cheat) Minimap
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.cheatminimap=1.0.0.38
# (Cheat) More Trade
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.cheatmoretrade=1.0.0.8
# (Cheat) Highlight Nearby Resources
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.cheatnearbyresourceshighlight=1.0.0.23
# (Cheat) Hide Water in Photomode
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uiphotomodehidewater=1.0.0.12
# (Cheat) Recyclers Deposit Into Remote Containers
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.cheatrecyclerremotedeposit=1.0.0.15
# (Cheat) Wreck Map
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.cheatwreckmap=1.0.0.2
# (Feat) Command Console
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.featcommandconsole=1.0.0.70
# (Feat) Multiplayer
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.featmultiplayer=0.2.0.77
# (Feat) Space Cows
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.featspacecows=1.0.0.18
# (Feat) Technicians Exile
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.feattechniciansexile=0.1.0.23
# (Fix) Unofficial Patches
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.fixunofficialpatches=1.0.0.40
# (Lathrey) Auto Move
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.lathreyautomove=1.0.0.10
# (Lathrey) Disable Build Constraints
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.lathreydisablebuildconstraints=1.0.0.10
# (Lib) Common tools for other mods
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.libcommon=1.0.0.0
# (Misc) Customize Flashlight
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.misccustomizeflashlight=1.0.0.2
# (Misc) Debug
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.miscdebug=1.0.0.0
# (Misc) Mod Enabler
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.miscmodenabler=1.0.0.9
# (Misc) Plugin Update Checker
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.miscpluginupdatechecker=1.0.0.15
# (Multi) Player Locator
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.multiplayerlocator=1.0.0.3
# (Perf) Reduce Save Size
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.perfsavereducesize=1.0.0.13
# (Perf) Startup
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.perfstartup=1.0.0.9
# (Save) Auto Backup
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.saveautobackup=1.0.0.11
# (Save) Auto Save
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.saveautosave=1.0.0.11
# (Save) Quick Save
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.savequicksave=1.0.0.11
# (UI) Beacon Text
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uibeacontext=1.0.0.14
# (UI) Continue
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uicontinue=1.0.0.17
# (UI) Customize Inventory Sort Order
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uicustominventorysortall=1.0.0.12
# (UI) Prevent Accidental Deconstruct
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uideconstructpreventaccidental=1.0.0.13
# (UI) Hotbar
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uihotbar=1.0.0.27
# (UI) Inventory Move Multiple Items
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uiinventorymovemultiple=1.0.0.9
# (UI) Logistic Select All
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uilogisticselectall=1.0.0.8
# (UI) Menu Shortcut Keys
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uimenushortcutkeys=1.0.0.12
# (UI) Mod Config Menu
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uimodconfigmenu=1.0.0.10
# (UI) Overview Panel
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uioverviewpanel=1.0.0.24
# (UI) Pin Recipe to Screen
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uipinrecipe=1.0.0.24
# (UI) Save When Quitting
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.saveonquit=1.0.0.10
# (UI) Show Consumable Counts
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uishowconsumablecount=1.0.0.15
# (UI) Show Container Content Info
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uishowcontainerinfo=1.0.0.17
# (UI) Show Crash
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uishowcrash=1.0.0.9
# (UI) Show ETA
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uishoweta=1.0.0.9
# (UI) Show Grab N Mine Count
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uishowgrabnminecount=1.0.0.13
# (UI) Show MultiTool Mode
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uishowmultitoolmode=1.0.0.11
# (UI) Show Player Inventory Counts
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uishowplayerinventorycount=1.0.0.14
# (UI) Show Player Tooltip Item Count
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uishowplayertooltipitemcount=1.0.0.11
# (UI) Show Rocket Counts
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uishowrocketcount=1.0.0.13
# (UI) Sort Saves On The Load Screen
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uisortsaves=1.0.0.11
# (UI) Stack In-Range List
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uistackinrangelist=1.0.0.11
# (UI) Telemetry Font Sizer
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uitelemetryfontsizer=1.0.0.7
# (UI) Czech Translation
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uitranslationczech=1.0.0.19
# (UI) Estonian Translation
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uitranslationestonian=1.0.0.13
# (UI) Hungarian Translation
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uitranslationhungarian=1.0.0.72
# (UI) Italian Translation
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uitranslationitalian=1.0.0.24
# (UI) Korean Translation
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uitranslationkorean=1.0.0.13
# (UI) Polish Translation
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uitranslationpolish=1.0.0.31
# (UI) Romanian Translation
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uitranslationromanian=1.0.0.18
# (UI) Ukrainian Translation
akarnokd.theplanetcraftermods.uitranslationukrainian=1.0.0.4
